My name is Susan Moore, live in Louisiana USA. God led this into my heart to share my story and testimony for other people who have fallen victim just like me and those who have not been a victim yet.  2020 due to COVID-19, when there was a shutdown, at the place where I work, the workers asked to stop working due to the high rate of COVID-19, and as a single mother, I couldn't survive without income, I decided to go on research in the internet because I wanted something to invested on. I came across an investment platform that stated that any funds investment will get a profit of %7  interest rate after 14 working days in any amount you invested. I noticed that the higher the amount you invested the higher the profit you received after 14 days, I have to try my faith and invest 145,000 dollars in USDT which will be 10,150 dollars in interest after 14 working days. Fast forward, 14 days after I was supposed to receive my interest, I found out that the investment platform emails and website were no longer active, At first it was like a joke to me until I found out I was scammed by this platform. After 1 year and 4 months, I went back to the internet and came across Saclux Comptech Specialst which I never believed at first because of my experience but they gave me their word and assured me of recovering my USDT without any down payment until I got my money back in my wallet,  To my greatest surprise After 48hours they prove me wrong and recover my stolen funds. I highly recommend Saclux Comptech Specialst for all your cryptocurrency recovery, digital funds recovery, hacking, and cybersecurity-related issues. With this information, you can reach out to them for assistance. Email: sacluxcomptechspecialst@engineer.com
WhatsApp:+44 7475 936068   
